Q.1  why you want to work for uber ?



Uber to me seems like a place which require and motivates people who are energised and enthusiast about engineering. I dont really like to stay free and love to wear multiple hats at work, thus uber looks like a place I can spend major time of my day happily as well moving ahead in my career. 

Q.2 Current projects and what you enjoy about your current position?

Currently i'm working on refactoring code and redesigning lot of componenets of the app to better support  and work synchronously  with each other, which involves lot of mulithreading concepts which is exciting to code. 
Secondly my upcomming project involves working with React Js and Angular to build dashboard with graphs and timeline kind of features that will be used by the client to visually see data or results of polls in a meaning full manner, i'm very excited for this because it involves working with data to get information out of it. and I'm still an intermediate when it comes to javascript and this project can help me gain lot of experience with javascript.

Q.3 What kind of impact you will make?

Ive been following up with uber with what it is doing and how, when it comes to "what" me and uber have same thinking to that part and I see the big picture as well what uber wants to do. But when it comes to "how " ideas that uber implements and mine are different 

Competiting with lyft. --> all you have to do is provide fares which is even 50 cents less then lyft at that time and nobody will book lyft. 


Great Idea to reduce fair.
1. Take a survey while you drive in uber--> lots of companies pays tonns of money to get feedback/survey done , and it takes lot of time, with uber they can target people so well and at the same time get results fast of their suvery then any other currently existing platform. and that 2-5 $ can can pay for their ride.

2. Advertisements--->  think of it as inCar ads detachable car on the back of the seat head or anywhere inside or outside the car , now this can either go in helping to provide lower fairs to consumers or uber can earn more money that way.

3.light cargo service: people can book and send goods just like they book a cab, insted there will be one drop off customer and on pick up customer needed. 
Now expansion of this is when retailer wants to send a package instantly to customer they can use this service and custom. 

on very similar lines it can also be viewed as follow: 
uber-hand --> just like uber taxi service and then food (ubser eats), this service works in similar fashion where people get onto the app and then if i'm running to safeawy to get something and my neighbour wants somethign as well like milk , and in the tip section she can mention "a hug", "$1" and if i deliver it to her i get that. 

4. Uber drivers internally works like a bus, they start from one point and end on anothe point.


Projects": 
Disucss on projects 
1. Marketplace Health :  very interesting, what parameters you consider and how it works

2. Dynamic pricing : whats the pricing criteria for uber, like how you define a price for someone going form point A to B.

3 .Intelligent spend : details about that proejct

4. Realtime forecasting: Heat map that you show to a driver. 

5. ETA : estimation .


Feedbacks : 
Talk and provide them info :


1. Driveer are not happy, 
	- I dont want to work wtih machines, lyft is more humann

2. No driver says that they make more money with uber even though they all accepts they get more number of rides and more frequently with uber then lyft but eventually they make same mony so lyfts a winner in drivers eye.

3. Dig deeper into drivers mind is another essential point for uber to start looking into.


4.  Customer think its great, fast (like the app is literalyl faster then lyft app) does it do any kind of AOT ( Ahead of time computation).


Final Round : 
Pitch this.

Lets imagine Mr. K is working with uber for 2 years now, and been a good performer so far. 
He has this really nice idea which can add lot of value to the product. 
	- What are the opportunities for him to pitch this plan to higer authorities?
	- 
Imagining everyone likes the road map and want to move ahead, 
	- how long would it take for the project to start.
	- and how does ownership and responsibility sharing works down the line for him and team.
	


Uber VTall


Feedback : 

